Past a → Pasta: As in “I went pasta cute little park on the way here.”
Pass the → Pasta: As in “Can you pasta sauce please?”
Past the → Pasta: As in “We went pasta turnoff and got lost.”
Past her → Pasta: As in “I walked right pasta without realising.”
Past us→ Pastas: As in “That was rude. He just walked straight pastas.”
Passed us→ Pastas: As in “Life has pastas by.”
Imposter → Impasta: As in “You’re a liar! An impasta!”
Passed away → Pasta way: As in “She pasta way last night.”
Past in a → Pastina: As in “Yeah, he ran pastina hurry this morning. I hope everything is okay.” (Pastina is tiny pasta)
Faster → Pasta: As in “Pasta than a speeding bullet.” and “Pasta than you can say Jack Robinson” and “Pasta than the speed of sound.”
Passed up → Pasta-p: As in “I pasta-p the opportunity because it would interfere with my studies.” and “I pasta-p the chance for a promotion.”
Passed under → Pasta-nder: As in “The boat gracefully pastander the bridge.”
Pastor → Pasta: As in “The pasta of our local church is nuts.”
Possibly → Pastably: As in “This is pastably the worst pasta pun ever.” and “The pastabilities are endless!”
Prostitute → Pastatute: As in “Some of the women have turned to pastatution.”
For my silly → Vermicelli: As in “I’m preparing this gift ver mi celli friend who likes pasta puns.”
City → Ziti: As in “An inner ziti apartment.” and “We’re country bumkins and they’re ziti slickers.” and “Sex and the ziti” and “you can’t fight ziti hall.”
Penny → Penne: As in “It cost a pretty penne.” and “A penne saved is a penne earned.” and “A penne for your thoughts” and “If I had a penne for every time …” and “Pennes on the dollar” (Penne is a cylindrical type of pasta)
Penniless → Penneless: As in “He’s penneless and living on the streets.”
Pen name → Penne-m: As in “My earlier work was written under a penne-m.”
Penetrate → Pennetrate: As in “We cannot pennetrate their armour.” and “We need to do pennetration tests before laying the concrete.”
Penchant → Pennechant: As in “She has a pennechant for pasta dinners.”
Or so → Orzo: As in “About a cup orzo of water should do.” and “We ended up with 300 orzo dollars.”
Reasoning → Risoni-ng: “Risoni” is another name for “orzo”. You might use this pun like: “The the risoni-ng behind your decision?”
Noodle: As in “He’s a bit of a noodle (silly person).” and “Use your noodle (head)! This is an easy question.” and “There were noodles (lots and lots) of them!” – Each of these examples uses a different slang meaning of “noodle” indicated in parentheses.
No key → Gnocchi: As in “How do I unlock it? There’s gnocchi hole in this door.”
Knock it → Gnocchit: As in “So you’ll just gnocchit down and start building it again?”
Fury → Fiori: “Fiori” is a type of decorative pasta. Examples: “Hell has no fiori like a woman scorned.” and “He was completely fiorious about his phone being stolen.”
Angel hair: This term refers to a very thin, long type of pasta/noodle. Pasta puns might be made as follows: “She has the hair of an angel.” and “Will you get out of my angel hair?” and “Let your (angel) hair down and relax.”
Exclude → Extrude: Most types of pasta are extruded from special presses. Example: “It’s not nice when you extrude people from the discussion like that.”
Do you remember → Durum-ember: As in “Durumember that time when …”
I nearly → Anelli: Anelli refers to small ring-shaped pasta. Examples: As in “Anelli fell off my chair when I heard the new.” and “Anelli jumped out of my skin!”
I’ll dent it → Al dente-t: As in “I don’t want to hit it too hard – I’m afraid al dente-t.”
All for nothing → Al forno-thing: As in “We worked so hard, but it was al forno-thing.”
I’ll fornicate → Al forno-cate: You can come up with your own example for this one!
Above it → A bavette: Bavette is a type of pasta. Example: “I once used to make a lot of puns, but I’ve moved on. I’m a bavette now.”
By golly → Bigoli: Bigoli is a type of long thick pasta. As in “Bigoli, is that the time?! I’ve gotta run!” and “Bigoli gosh!”
Big ol’ li* → Bigoli-*: As in “He’s a bigoli-bertarian” and “A bigoli-thuanian fell gave me a hand.” and “There’s a bigoli-brary in the middle of town.”
